docs: revise concurrent append and replace (#15760)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/native-batch.md

By default, JSON-based batch ingestion replaces all data in the intervals in your `granularitySpec` for any segment that it writes to. If you want to add to the segment instead, set the `appendToExisting` flag in the `ioConfig`. JSON-based batch ingestion only replaces data in segments where it actively adds data. If there are segments in the intervals for your `granularitySpec` that don't have data from a task, they remain unchanged. If any existing segments partially overlap with the intervals in the `granularitySpec`, the portion of those segments outside the interval for the new spec remain visible.

> You can also perform concurrent appends and replaces. For more information, see [Concurrent append and replace](./concurrent-append-replace.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also perform concurrent append and replace tasks. For more information, see [Concurrent append and replace](./concurrent-append-replace.md)
```
